# 3/23/2022
---

# <div style="text-align: center;">SUCCESS!</div>
### Full run 2
I went back to trying to add all three years together and I finally manged to get it to work. I think. 
- I was originally trying to save the individual plots in a root file and then hadd them together, but that was never going to work because the plots had too many elements. Instead I just added the actual root files that the plots get made from and then made the plots from those summed files. I had to change how I was scaling the plots to make that work. Instead of using the "Scale" function, I just added a complicated cut to the plot that weighted each year and background group with the appropriate scale factor, and weighted the other events with 1.
- So now I have two methods for analyzing the "full run 2" dataset. The "run 2 summed" method, and just the "run 2" method. The summed method is when I train each individual year separately and then add them together at the end to make plots. The non-summed (usually called "full run 2," or "non-summed" method) method is when I start by adding all three years together and then train on one big dataset. Hopefully the "summed" vs "non-summed" makes at least some sense. Coming up with conventions is hard.
- Comparing the two methods gives results that are about what I'd expect. Event counts that are somewhat close, but a little higher on the non-summed method because it has more input data it can select more likely-events that the individual years might have missed.
- This new way of scaling the plots is also applied to both methods. I'm not sure on the implications of that though. The scale factors were determined on a year by year and background group by group basis. Since the full run 2 method doesn't look at each year individually, are those scale factors still valid?

Here's the sets of plots to compare. The signal region cuts, and the optimal BDT cuts are both applied.

| [Summed](img/3-23-22/Run2_Summed_BDT_20-14.pdf) | [Non-summed](img/3-23-22/Run2_wv_SR_BDT_20-8.pdf) |
|---|---|

### Retraining
I wrote one large script to run each combination of the trainings and make the corresponding plots.
- I did two sets of training per year, one with only the events that pass the signal region cuts, and one with events that pass the much less restrictive wv_boosted cut. The SR cut is probably what I will focus on when it comes to the analysis, but the wv_boosted set are needed for making cutflows and generating the scale factors for the ttbar and W+jets backgrounds.
- I can do more with the wv_boosted set of files, but my linux drive ran out of space so I had to move those files to an external drive. I'm sure I can probably run the plotting from files on an external drive, but I haven't tried it yet.
- I also accidentally ran the training with 17 variables instead of 15, but it took 30 hours to finish (not to mention the time it errored out in the middle of a run, or the time I lost power halfway through another), so I'm tempted to just stick with this set and not retrain it all again.

Here are the resulting plots

| 2016 | 2017 | 2018 |
|------|------|------|
| [SR cut](img/3-23-22/2016_2016_wv_SR_14-59.pdf) | [SR cut](img/3-23-22/2017_2017_wv_SR_21-32.pdf) | [SR cut](img/3-23-22/2018_2018_wv_SR_2-22.pdf) |
| [BDT cut](img/3-23-22/2016_wv_SR_BDT_20-2.pdf) | [BDT cut](img/3-23-22/2017_wv_SR_BDT_20-4.pdf) | [BDT cut](img/3-23-22/2018_wv_SR_BDT_20-6.pdf) |

There's so many combinations of years, types of plots, and cuts. We can hopefully figure out what the important combinations are and what's worth keeping/writing about.

### Writing
I've done a smidgen of writing, but on my commute home one day the fix for combining the years popped in my head and I've been pretty focused on that. I was working on some more of the background material, but I think it would be easier (based on how easy it is to ramble/write in these updates) to start focusing on writing about everything I've done, and then go back and fill in the background. 